homework 1: Market segmentation
===================

Security
--------
#### Description:
https://github.com/SeoulTech/Manal/wiki/Getting-started  
We started implementation of this project for the Digital Forensic Challenge. Manal is the open source Eclipse plugin which automates the process of mobile malware analysis. The work was motivated observing real-world needs of cyber-policemen who wanted to quickly check capabilities of mobile malware and had enough programming skills but were not familiar with mobile technologies. Our plugin extends one of the most popular development environment Eclipse which is naturally used by most technicians who are familiar with programming. Our plugin is easily deployed and features an intuitive interface which provides common-sense information for technicians with basic programming and digital forensic skills. Our plugin hides details of mobile internals and program analysis.

##### Contribution  
+ Process automation of the malware analysis;
+ Integration of the command line FlowDroid tool in a popular IDE Eclipse as a plugin.
+ Integration of a decompilation tool APKtoJava;
+ Integration of Eclipse Java Development Tool (JDT) framework.

#### Possible appications (6-12):  
* analysis of malwares' capabilities
    1. accessed sensitive local data
    1. network access
* decompilation and quick search in the source
* visualisation of the source code
* deobfustication
* 



SeoulTech
---------
_Disclaimer_: it's not official SeoulTech strategy but my personal thoughts.

